viewer discretion hey everybody it's the
faux bruh and one of the videos on my
channel that seems to get a lot of
attention even I made it a long time ago
it was a my gear vlog about cruises
versus sport bikes and I always find it
interesting that you know I just talked
about I asked a question simple question
my observation was that sport bike
people on average seemed to wear a lot
more gear than cruiser people you know
not a judgment just asking why that is
sup player and a lot of people right
back that you know you don't need it on
a cruiser because you go slower and
you're safer and that sport bike people
are reckless and we need the protection
and me the crazy thing is you know I you
know I've written back to a couple of
people but I haven't really gone crazy
about it but I do want to revisit it
because there was a video oh god that
guy who does all the great um are Nikki
mouse and if you don't know who that is
you got to check this guy out he makes
some great videos of bikes around
Mulholland and in California and a lot
of them are crash is unfortunately but
nonetheless you know there's a really
nice motorcycles so anyway one of them
was a guy in a bicycle bike you know he
was probably going pretty quickly but
how could how fast could it be going 20
maybe 30 my god I don't even how fast it
was really fast bikes go bicycles by the
way pedal boys and the guy is crashed
and he's all ten ways to screwed up come
on let's go and and you know he got some
serious serious road rash now granted he
wasn't wearing I don't think you you
know he's not wearing anything to makes
you wonder if he was wearing like real
gear like motorcycle Gary probably would
have been fine especially at those
speeds but a ride is a ride it doesn't
matter when you slide I'm going to put
that out there put that on a freaking
shirt right teespring that it don't
matter it doesn't matter if you're on a
cruiser and you're going 30 miles an
hour or you're on a sportbike going 30
miles an hour you go down you're gonna
be hurtin now I'm not a judgment guy
saying you're a squid your piece of junk
it's your body you do whatever you want
but I think that some people need to
just say well it's a personal choice and
I don't want to wear a lot of gear I'd
rather rather you know I'd rather not
sweat it rather be comfortable whatever
the heck these people want to say or you
know it's my right not to wear a helmet
because my state that i live in doesn't
require a helmet
I think that's fine too I can respect
that um actually my buddy che tree
surgeon did a really good vlog about
that the other day about telling people
you know what another wear a helmet but
that to me is a personal choice i just
don't like when somebody says it's
because i have a cruiser we don't go as
fast you know or you see some guy on a
scooter and he's not wearing any gear or
she's not wearing in a year and it's all
it's because i'm on a scooter I think
that's a load of crap and i think that
people need to just kind of own up to it
and own the fact that they don't pay
prefer not to wear gear which is fine
it's your body not mine I don't have to
deal with the ramifications of what
happens me I gear up I do matter of fact
I'm not I'm not wearing my just wearing
regular pants right now I'm commuting I
didn't take my clover Leafs I should
have grabbed them I am using my OG oh my
five backpack here which I've been using
a decent amount I got to tell you I
really like this thing I really like it
you don't really feel it on your back
for like commuting or for relatively
short rides or although i did use it for
the ride to RevZilla to philadelphia
which is over 200 miles but for like
commuting i actually prefer this to with
that to my tail bag because it's kind of
added away it's not a big deal and it's
comfortable and it looks pretty cool too
i got to tell you that especially with
you know that resistance decal though
but um yeah that's kind of what I wanted
to talk about it think it's always
interesting to see people coming up with
new comments coming up you know I don't
even know how many years ago I made that
vlog but it still continues to get um it
still continues to get attention and I
think that listen if you don't gear up
for whatever reason no matter what you
ride it's just because you don't want to
when I think you got to put on your big
boy big girl pants and just say that's
that's why me I like wearing my gear I
like to be safe I mean my gear all my
gear really saved me when it came time
to Maya when I got hit if I didn't have
that gear on it would have been even
worse
you know I didn't actually come I didn't
exactly come out with it on a good way
so that's about that and yeah that's
about it I wonder what your take is and
yeah man let me know I'd love to hear
your comments love to hear what you
think maybe I'm completely wrong you
tell me to go you know pound salt maybe
that's the that's the answer i don't
know but i had everybody ride safe and
take care of yourselves see you first
time you get less motorcyclist we know
we don't get any of these lights 99 for
summertime i have to go through now in
the front seat yeah but there in front
stand depends on the rear stand what you
have to do is engage drill bores awesome